birth by sleep hmm I wonder what that
means nobody will know yay
mmm wonder what that says I'm watch em
Elsa oh no oh my god it's dr. clean
isn't it mr. clean shop uh he's somewhat
spider-man he kick his ass no bitch I'm
gonna kick his ass oh are you better
come here uh you didn't even clean my
kitchen good you stupid son of a mr. oh
fuck ah ow oh crap hey hey where are you
going come back here mr. clean hurrah
touch a Shack god don't oh ah that was
my good armor too don't worry Tara we
got your back up bitch yeah I'm gonna
get you man I race on dog power we're
will apply blush ah her hey come back
here you stupid bitch ah oh my god ah k
boys are rad aah both ice ice ice ah I
wish I gonna kill you do I'm gonna kill
your first Thunder shock I gotta get you
now bitch oh fuck I missed oh my gosh
tear oh come oh stepa says it's a good
look good oh my god damn oh I keep later
everywhere ah oh my god oh shit oh ouch
oh my gosh chuckling you okay shut up n
00 thought a shock
would you talk oh my god Oh barrier Oh
fight the cable is Jude sure oh that was
messed up no I'm tired oh fuck uh oh you
didn't cliff I catch a good I gotta kick
your ass out da blue tiger oh oh great
now would you do you stoop auld ass fuck
fuck tartan yeah I got you now Tara oh
crap I fail oh snap you got out good
yeah uh-oh several save you bet oh snap
oh my gosh what the hell's happening ah
oh my god it's bad oh my god i can save
me I can't do anything are you suck off
goodbye no LOL i sighed oh my god and oh
my god but i got you don't worry baby i
got sick oh oh my god better oh my god
are you okay does it look like I'm okay
yeah that's it oh yeah yeah they're
gonna sell results of a power oh my god
was he doing all the light um I gotta
see the parts of our thoughts our God ah
ah yo y'all get you mr. Cullen kingdom
hearts whatever that weight gene parts
wait that's not right
hmm this doesn't look good I'm just
gonna stand here watching you absolutely
i think head up with a chopper days I me
you